import Video from "../Video"

## An experienced leader and civil rights advocate fighting for Ohioans

Betsy Rader is an experienced community leader and civil rights advocate running for Congress to continue her fight for Ohio working families. A lifelong Ohioan, Betsy and her three siblings were raised by their single mother in a hardworking family that struggled to make ends meet after her parents’ divorce. With the help of scholarships, she worked her way through college at The Ohio State University, graduating first in her class, and went on to earn her law degree from Yale to become an advocate for northeast Ohioans. Betsy has served as the director or her county’s advocacy program for abused children, as senior counsel at the Cleveland Clinic, and as a fellow at the Innovation Center at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. She currently serves as a civil rights attorney fighting for Ohioans facing employment discrimination. Betsy and her husband are proud to have called Ohio's 14th District home for more than twenty years, and to have raised their three adult children in the community.

## A champion for working families

Betsy is running to expand economic opportunity for the working families of northeast Ohio. When elected, she will fight tirelessly to create good-paying jobs and to help all Ohioans have the opportunity to thrive in their communities. Betsy is a powerful advocate for expanding all Americans’ access to quality, affordable health care — an issue that is deeply personal to her and her family. She lives with a pre-existing spinal condition that led her to be disabled and in debilitating pain, and considers herself lucky to have had access to the care she needed to make a full recovery. “Any politician who punishes those with pre-existing conditions and blames people for being sick, poor, or uninsured is out-of-touch with everyday Americans,” Betsy has said. “No one chooses to be born with a pre-existing condition, no one chooses to get sick or injured, no one chooses to be stuck in a job without health benefits.” When elected, Betsy will be the champion northeast Ohio working families need in Congress.

## An opportunity to flip a seat and take back the House

Betsy is challenging Republican incumbent Dave Joyce, a dangerous extremist who has spent his time in Congress intent on ending health care access for millions of people and voting to defund Planned Parenthood. Joyce's record leaves no doubt that he is more concerned with satisfying the far right wing of his party than he is with fighting for the northeast Ohio working families he was elected to represent. Betsy is an experienced community leader who understands the needs of this district, and she has what it takes to fight back and win. Let's show Betsy our full support, and help send this champion for Ohio working families to Congress — and let’s take back the House.

