import Video from "../Video"

## A veteran and business leader fighting for Pennsylvania working families

Chrissy Houlahan is a veteran and business leader running for Congress to fight for Pennsylvania working families. Chrissy felt called to run for office for the first time after the 2016 election. “I never thought I would run for elected office, but service does not stop when you leave the Armed Forces,” she has said. Her story is uniquely American: Chrissy’s father, a Holocaust survivor, came to America with his widowed mother seeking safety and opportunity. He joined the U.S. Navy, rising to the rank of Captain and teaching Chrissy the importance of service. She attended Stanford on an ROTC scholarship, and went on to serve in the U.S. Air Force before going on to earn her master’s degree from MIT and growing and running a successful business. As COO of AND1 Basketball, Chrissy helped the footwear and apparel company’s revenue grow from $4M to over $250 million, while also building a socially responsible corporation. After ten years at AND1, Chrissy became the founding COO of B Lab, a non-profit that certifies and supports B Corporations — companies that harness the power of for-profit businesses to support social and environmental issues. Always seeking more ways to give back, in 2011 Chrissy took a year to teach 11th grade chemistry in North Philadelphia through Teach for America. Most recently, she has served as President and COO/CFO of Springboard Collaborative, an educational organization focused on early childhood literacy. Chrissy lives with her husband Bart in Chester County, where they raised their two grown daughters. She is running to bring her business savvy and commitment to public service to Washington, to stand up to Donald Trump, and fight for the people in her community.

## A powerful advocate for expanding economic opportunity

As a business leader, Chrissy has helped create hundreds of jobs in Southeastern Pennsylvania. In Congress, she will fight for policies that expand economic opportunity for all Pennsylvanians — and against policies that benefit special interests at the expense of working families. She is a powerful advocate for expanding economic opportunity and for promoting economic security: “We must also ensure that businesses pay a living wage, that equal work gets equal pay, and that the workplace respects the dignity of its employees,” she has said. Chrissy knows from her extensive business experience that working families can succeed when they have access to quality health care. She is a vocal critic of the Republicans’ cruel plan to undo the progress we’ve worked so hard to make, causing 23 million Americans to lose their insurance, and turning back the clock on women’s rights to make their own decisions about their reproductive health. As one of the original team at B Lab (which created B Corporations), Chrissy knows firsthand the positive impact that successful businesses’ sustainability practices can have on our communities and our shared future. In Congress, she will champion policies that grow our economy, while respecting and protecting employees, the community and the environment. Chrissy is a champion for Pennsylvania students and their families. She will fight for policies that prepare our students to thrive in tomorrow’s economy, and to ensure that our country is investing in our future.

## An opportunity to win a new district and take back the House

Chrissy is running in Pennsylvania’s newly-drawn 6th District, a now-open seat created in February when the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overturned an unconstitutional Republican gerrymander that kept working families’ voices from being heard in the halls of power. Pennsylvania currently has the largest congressional delegation that is all men, and when elected, Chrissy will give the millions of Pennsylvania women a new voice in Washington. With control of the House at stake in 2018, this race is a must-win for Democrats, and Chrissy has what it takes to win. Let's show her the full support of the EMILY’s List community as she fights to defend our American values, expand economic opportunity, and give Pennsylvania women and families a powerful new voice in Congress.

