import Video from "../Video"

## A champion for North Carolina working families

Kathy Manning is an experienced leader running for Congress to fight for North Carolina working families. Her great-grandparents came to the United States fleeing religious persecution, and she was “raised with the understanding that I have an obligation to give back,” she has said. Kathy moved to Greensboro after graduating from law school more than thirty years ago, and she and her husband have raised their three children in the vibrant community they proudly call home. A former immigration attorney, she left the major law firm where she had been a partner for 16 years to start her own practice. Kathy has worked tirelessly to serve others, and as the first woman to lead one of the largest charitable organizations in the world, The Jewish Federations of North America, she helped those who lost their jobs during the Great Recession access food, health care, mortgage assistance, and job retraining. A powerful advocate for North Carolinians, she has worked to provide school readiness programs for vulnerable children, to help students in her community access higher education, and to help seniors live with dignity.

## An experienced leader fighting to expand economic opportunity

Kathy is running to expand economic opportunity and to help create good-paying jobs so that all North Carolina working families can thrive. She has worked to spur economic development in the Greensboro community, and she has what it takes to lead and to help grow an economy that works for all North Carolinians. Kathy is a fierce advocate for expanding all Americans’ access to affordable, quality health care — an issue that is deeply personal for her family. As the mother of a child with a chronic illness, she has fought insurance companies, knows firsthand how high the costs of life-saving drugs have risen, and worries that her daughter’s pre-existing condition could keep her from getting the coverage she needs to access care in the future. “I’ve just been astonished that Congress has spent so much time worrying about taking away health care,” Kathy has said. When elected, she will fight back against attempts to undo the progress we have worked so hard to make.

## An opportunity to flip a seat and take back the House

Kathy is challenging incumbent Republican Congressman Ted Budd, a vulnerable freshman who has prioritized a dangerous and extreme agenda that hurts the working families he was elected to serve. Kathy’s strong, grassroots campaign built impressive early momentum, and Budd is running scared. Desperate to keep his seat and his party’s control of the House, he began attacking Kathy as soon as she announced her candidacy. Kathy is a fearless fighter for North Carolinians, and she has what it takes to hold Budd accountable and to flip this seat. Let show her the full support of the EMILY’s List community and flip this seat — and take back the House in 2018.

