import Video from "../Video"

## A passionate advocate for justice

Lucy McBath is a powerful advocate for social justice running for Congress to fight for Georgia’s working families. The daughter of a nurse and the former president of the Illinois branch of the NAACP, Lucy grew up attending rallies and marches for civil rights. After 30 years working as a Delta flight attendant, Lucy has focused her second career on advocating for reforms that will make America safer for all families. In 2012, Lucy’s son Jordan Davis was shot and killed at a gas station in Florida for playing music too loudly in his car. Losing her son to gun violence intensified Lucy’s lifelong commitment to community activism and social justice, and until recently, served as a national spokesperson for Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action, advocating for gun violence prevention in Washington and state capitols all over America. She has testified before the Senate, spoken at the White House Summit on Educational Excellence for African Americans, and traveled the nation as a surrogate for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. She is deeply involved in her church and served as a national Faith and Community Outreach Organizer for Everytown/Moms Demand Action. Lucy is a passionate leader and advocate whose voice is badly needed in Washington, where she will work tirelessly to ensure that our communities are safe places where all working families can thrive.

## A tireless champion for Georgia working families

Lucy is dedicated to expanding economic opportunity for all Georgians and to creating good- paying jobs. As a mom who worked hard as a flight attendant for 30 years, Lucy knows firsthand how tough it can be for working parents to make ends meet. She is dedicated to ensuring all Georgians have the opportunity to create economic security. In her community of Cobb County, Lucy created the Champion in the Making Legacy Foundation, an educational organization that provides scholarships to graduating high school seniors and mentorship services for young men striving for academic success. Lucy has received national recognition for her advocacy to prevent gun violence and protect children, and is also a passionate advocate for expanding access to quality, affordable health care. This fight is personal for her, as she grew up watching her mother, a registered nurse, tutor and mentor nursing students to help them with their health care careers. When elected, Lucy will fight back against any attempts to undo to progress we’ve worked so hard to make, and she will work to move Georgia forward for working families.

## An opportunity to flip a House seat from red to blue

Lucy is challenging incumbent Republican Karen Handel, an extremist who once wrote a book attacking Planned Parenthood. Handel is a first-term incumbent in a district President Trump carried by less than two points, making this district a prime opportunity for a Democratic pickup in 2018. This race is a must-win on the path to taking back the House in 2018, and Lucy has what it takes to win this high-stakes battle with the support of the EMILY’s List community. Let’s show Lucy our full support, and help elect this courageous fighter for Georgia working families to Congress — and let’s take back the House.

