import Video from "../Video"

## A veteran fighting for New Jersey working families

Mikie Sherrill is running for Congress to fight for New Jersey’s working families and to bring new leadership to Washington. Mikie graduated from the United States Naval Academy and spent nearly a decade on active duty in the United States Navy. Mikie served as a Sea King Helicopter pilot and flew missions in Europe and the Middle East. After leaving the Navy in 2003, Mikie went on to earn her law degree from Georgetown University and she joined the U.S. Attorney’s Office in New Jersey to continue her career of service. As an Outreach and Reentry Coordinator, she worked to help prevent crime and develop trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. Mikie went on to prosecute federal cases and advise law enforcement on investigations as an Assistant U.S. Attorney. She lives in Montclair, New Jersey with her husband Jason, also a Navy veteran, and their four young children. Mikie coaches her daughter’s lacrosse team and manages her son’s soccer team. She is a dedicated and experienced public servant running to give hardworking New Jersey women and families the champion they need in Congress.

## An experienced leader running to tackle the toughest problems

Mikie decided to run for office for the first time after the 2016 election when she realized that her community needed new leadership more than ever. “As a former federal prosecutor with experience prosecuting both violent and white-collar criminals, I've seen what it looks like when the powerful prey on the vulnerable,” she has said, and she is running to be the fierce advocate that New Jersey working families need. Mikie has an outstanding record of public service in the United States Navy and the U.S. Attorney’s office, and she has seen firsthand the power our public institutions have to positively impact people’s lives. At a time when Washington is controlled by a dangerous Republican majority rolling back the progress we have fought so hard to make, Mike will fight tirelessly to defend our American values and our democracy—and to increase access to opportunity for all hardworking people in New Jersey and across the country.

## A serious challenger taking on an extreme and vulnerable incumbent 

Mikie is running for an open seat currently held by a retiring Republican incumbent. Donald Trump won New Jersey’s 11th Congressional District by less than a single percentage point in 2016, and it's trending blue—Democratic Governor Phil Murphy won this district last year. The path to taking back the House runs right through this district and others like it. When Mikie stepped up to challenge incumbent Congressman Rodney Frelinghuysen, a vulnerable Republican extremist, her grassroots campaign quickly gained strong momentum. In January, Frelinghuysen announced that he would no longer seek re-election—giving up on defending his party's indefensible agenda in this battleground district. This is a can’t-miss opportunity to help an outstanding candidate flip an open seat, and we know Mikie has what it takes to win this fight. The GOP and their deep-pocketed special interests will do everything they can to hold onto the critical seat and control of the House, and Mikie needs the full support of the EMILY’s List community to take them on. Let’s all chip in and help send this champion for working families to Washington.

