import Video from "../Video"

## A dedicated community leader fighting for working families

Xochitl Torres Small is a dedicated community leader and lifelong New Mexican running for Congress to fight for working families. The daughter of a teacher and a social worker, Xochitl learned the importance of education, hard work, and giving back to southern New Mexico. She took out loans and worked multiple jobs to pay for her college education, and graduated cum laude from Georgetown University in just three years. Xochitl returned home to Las Cruces and served as field representative for Senator Tom Udall, advocating for broadband expansion, working with education and business leaders to create job opportunities for New Mexico graduates, and helping community stakeholders protect southern New Mexico’s water resources. She went on to earn her law degree from the University of New Mexico, and practiced natural resource and water law. Xochitl and her husband live in Las Cruces, the community where she grew up. When elected, she will work tirelessly to make all southern New Mexico working families’ voices heard in Congress.

## A champion for Southern New Mexico working families

Xochitl is running for Congress to expand economic opportunity for southern New Mexico working families and to create good-paying jobs. She is an advocate for expanding all Americans’ access to quality, affordable health care, and when elected she will fight back against any attempts to undo the progress we’ve worked so hard to make. Xochitl’s grandmother immigrated from Mexico, and she grew up hearing the story of how she worked hard in the fields to build her American dream. As a law clerk for a federal judge, Xochitl saw firsthand how broken our immigration system is — and when elected, she will fight tirelessly for commonsense reforms that strengthen our communities and help grow our economy. She is dedicated to fighting for all southern New Mexicans, including the most vulnerable members of her community and she volunteers at a homeless shelter giving counsel to those in need. She serves on the board of a local nonprofit food center, and works to build a healthy, sustainable, and fair food system in southern New Mexico. She is a fierce advocate for protecting our precious natural resources and when elected, she will fight to make sure that New Mexico’s economy works for all.

## An opportunity to flip a seat and take back the House

Xochitl is running for the open seat vacated by extreme Republican Congressman Steve Pearce, who is running for Governor of New Mexico. This is a high-stakes race, and with Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham running for governor, this is an opportunity to ensure that New Mexico Latinas continue to have a voice in Washington. Xochitl is an outstanding leader running a strong grassroots campaign, and she has what it takes to flip this critical seat. Let’s show her our full support, and help this champion for working families bring new leadership to southern New Mexico — and let’s take back the House.

